# Links
# Todo
CHECK IF UNDERGRAD CAN BE ON THE COMITTEE
# Notes
* [ ]  Don't use math mode for typesetting italics, i.e., use \textit{name} or \mathit{name} instead of $name$. (This occurs all over the place, especially in Figs. 1 and 3 and 5.  
* [ ] - Don't start a section with a subsection, i.e. you need at least some intro paragraph. E.g. start Section 3 with something like "In this section I will ...". See also 3.2 and 3.2.1.  
* [ ] - Any Figure must be mentioned (and to some degree motivated and explained) in the text. E.g., "Figure 1 lists the syntactic categories of Mini-Haskell and Elli-Haskell."  
* [x] - Fig. 1: the left column contains syntactic objects, not semantic ones.  
* [ ] - Fig. 3 (and others): Don't use [h] specifier; use [t]. Let text, float around Figures. The empty space on page 2 is bad.  
* [x] - The blue parts should all be in blue typewriter font. Alternatively, use only typewriter font (in black) for all concrete syntax.  
* [x] - "following table" -> Figure 5  
* [x] - Fig 7.: syntactic sugar is never part of values.  
* [ ] - Fig 7: substitute the triple for closure in the last line.  
* [ ] - Fig 8:  
    * [x]         * VARIABLE: E(v) = val  (use = in premise, not =>)  
    * [ ]         * LET RECURSIVE is incorrect. What does "e1 => closure" mean?  
    * [x]         Do you want to say that e1 => (v,e,E')?  
    * [ ]         The use of the Y combinator here is also weird. Where did you find this rule?  
    * [x]         * LET: You should use 2 nonterminals for values (in Fig 7)  
                    primval ::= ...  
                    val ::=  primval | (v,e,E)  
              Then use e1 => primval in LET and delete 2nd premise  
    * [ ]         * CASE: What does E; val mean? (Undefined notation)  
    * [x]         * INFIX: OP doesn't do anything meaningful. I think you can remove the premise and explain in the  
* [x] - End of 3.2: The writing and formatting is not good. Write" Th function \texttt{slide} has the type \texttt{...} and ... Don't show the Haskell definition here (maybe move it to the appendix or so). In particular, the commented examples look really out of place.  
* [ ] - Fig 15, 17, 18, ...: Remove boxes (earlier figures don't have a box). Or add boxes to all figures.  
* [ ] - Fig 15: Don't use the \big forms of (, ), {, and }.  
* [ ] - Fig 15: What judgment exactly is defined here? It seems to be different from the one mentioned at the beginning of 4.1., which is basically a subset of expr_elli x expr_mini. Specific questions:  
* [ ]         * ELLIPSIS MAP:  
* [ ]         Does (ex1,ex2) ~> ... denote translation of a pair? In any case, this must be explained in the text.  
* [ ]         What does the ";" in ... ~> e'; ... mean? It should be some expr_mini  
* [ ]         * I don't understand the other two rules either. The syntax is messed up.  
* [ ]         * See also my remarks for 4.3 and Fig 22.  
* [ ] - Fig 17: Don't you need a premise with a condition for ELLIPSIS FOLD LEFT similar to ELLIPSIS FOLD RIGHT?  
* [ ] - 4.1.3: "be written" -> be defined as follows. Then show the definition in a separate code/program paragraph.  
* [ ] - 4.1.4 + Fig 19: Do we really need this? You could simply say that the translation is defined only for Elli extensions and that it is the identity for allotter constructs.  
* [ ] - Fig 20: remove () in the premise. Again Fig. 20 might not be needed at all.  
* [ ] But you can keep Figs. 19 and 20 if you like. If you keep the figures, you should remove all ' from e, e1, e2, etc. (on the RHS of ~>).  
* [ ] - 4.3: What's an ancestor?  
* [ ] - 4.3: Show an example of an expression and its translation, and then what the corresponding values of ex1, ex2, e, and s are.  
* [ ] - Fig 22:  
    * [ ]         * Don't use \big parentheses, and don't use "e'"; use just "e".  
    * [ ]         * You might also rethink the syntax for the expression pair (ex1,ex2). You could simply omit the parentheses, and instead of a comma, you could use a symbol to better illustrate the role of the two expressions, e.g.:  
                      ex1⯈ex2 ~> e;s  
    * [ ]         * The type of the judgment is: expr_elli x expr_elli x expr_mini x 2^{var x expr_mini}  
                     (here 2^{var x expr_mini} means the powerset of var x expr_mini  
    * [ ]         * Delete the s = {...} stuff  
    * [ ]         * You need several examples here.  
    * [ ]         This is a core part of the whole thesis, so this must be explained and illustrated ion much more detail.  
* [ ] Fig 23, second rule: remove first two premises, Replace exl and exr by ex (last premise becomes: ex ~> e  
* [ ] Fig 25: I don't understand the figure.  
* [ ]   
* [ ] Section 4.3.4 is completely unclear. It's not clear what's going on  here. What is translated into what? The text and examples make no sense to me.  
* [ ]   
* [ ] (ex1,ex2) is not a judgment.  
* [ ]   
* [ ] Section 4.3.5 is also mostly unclear.  
* [ ]   
* [ ] Figs. 29 and 30 shouldn't be figures but simply program paragraphs.  
* [ ]   
* [ ] Fig. 30: The variables el1, el2, er1, and er2 are undefined; thus, the rule makes no sense.  
* [ ]   
* [ ] Figs. 33 and 32 are in the wrong order. Don't use a separate name scanl'; describe a first approach to define scanl. Since it's not the final version, it shouldn't probably be in a figure.  
* [ ]   
* [ ] Fig 34: Remove all "'"  
* [ ]   
* [ ] Fig 34:  
* [ ]   
* [ ]         * First rule: Replace all exl1 and exr1 by ex1; remove first premise.  
* [ ]   
* [ ]         * Second rule: Replace all exlN and exr2 by exN   * [ ]    * [ ]         * Third rule: Replace exrN by exr2 (to remove the arbitrary asymmetry between exon and exl2)