# Links
# Todo
  
In 3.1:  
  
* [x] In Fig 1, use proper footnotes.  
  
  
In 3.2.1:  
  
* [x] type font --> typewriter font  
* [x] Fig 2: Don't use meta-lamnaguage ellipses in a context where you would use object language ones; pick a different example (e.g. alts).  
* [x] Put the grammar into one or more figures.  
* [x] Remove Untyped bullet  
* [x] (e1:e2:···:en:[]) --> e1:(e2:(···:(en:[]))···))  
  
  
In 3.2.2:  
  
* [x] you must introduce the judgment before Fig 3  
* [x] you must define values (val/value)  
* [x] you must also define E including all special notation such as "+"  and (v→e2) (It's better to use {v' ↦ e)  
* [x] What kind of semantics? CBV or CBN? Be consistent! (APP uses CBN, and LET uses CBV.)  
* [x] Merge Figs 3 and 4  
  
  
In 3.2.3:  
  
* [ ] Formatting of slice  
* [x] Don't start sentences with I.e.  
  
  
In 3.3:  
  
* [x] Again, use proper footnotes!  
  
  
In 4.1:  
  
* [x] You shouldn't use {\cal E} or any function name when defining judgments by rules. Simply use some arrow, and define the syntax properly. E.g:  
  
        e ↝ e ⊆ expr_mini -> expr_elli  
  
But shouldn't the translation be the other way around?  
  
        e ↝ e ⊆ expr_elli -> expr_mini  
  
* [x] Fig 6: Don't use A (see above). You can overload the arrow used for expressions.  
* [x] Similar for all other figures/translations.  
* [ ] Under Fig 8: Sentences like: "An ellipsis fold expression translates to foldr1 (⊕) of the ellipsis list." don't explain much.  
* [ ] Fig 9 is hard to understand without further explanations. The paragraph beneath it is insufficient.  
* [x] Fig 10: Needs premise pat /= [v{1}...]. It might be better to distinguish two nonterminals pat (for Mini-Haskell and patx (x for extended) for Ellie-Haskell, defined as 
  
        patx ::= pat | [v{1}...]  
  
  
In 4.3:  
  
You don't start a section with display material; always start with a paragraph of text
.
# Notes
